h1. jQuery Behaviors

A library of dynamic HTML behaviors, modular units of Javascript code that can be associated with elements in a web page chosen with CSS selectors.
Helps you to keep your JavaScript and HTML separated.

h2. Browser Compatibility

* IE 6+
* Chrome
* Safari 4+
* Firefox 3.5+
* Opera 11+

h2. Requirements

* jQuery 1.4+

h2. Example

You know, doing something like the following, won't make you any new friends:

<pre><code><a onclick="window.open(this.href); return false;" href="/popup.html">open popup</a>
<a onclick="window.open(this.href); return false;" href="/another_popup.html">open another popup</a>
</code></pre>

Instead use jquery-behaviors and you'll end up having this clean separation:

*HTML*

<pre><code><a data-popup="true" href="/popup.html">open popup</a>
<a data-popup="true" href="/another_popup.html">open another popup</a>
</code></pre>

*JavaScript*

<pre><code>$.behaviors({
  "a[data-popup]:click": function(link, event) {
    window.open(link.href);
    event.preventDefault();
  }
});
</code></pre>

h2. Another Example

Assuming you want to fill a bunch of elements with content fetched via ajax:

<pre><code><div id="ajax-content-1"></div>
<div id="ajax-content-2"></div>
<script>
  $("#ajax-content-1").load("/ajax_content.php?id=1");
  $("#ajax-content-2").load("/ajax_content.php?id=2");
</script>
</code></pre>

With jquery-behaviors you could easily build a general ajax loading mechanism:

*HTML*

<pre><code><output data-ajax-content="/ajax_content.php?id=1"></output>
<output data-ajax-content="/ajax_content.php?id=2"></output>
</code></pre>

*JavaScript*

<pre><code>$.behaviors({
  "output[data-ajax-content]": function(container) {
    var $container = $(container);
    $container.load($container.data("ajax-content"));
  }
});
</code></pre>

h2. And Another Example

Polyfill for HTML5 autofocus:

<pre><code>if (!("autofocus" in document.createElement("input"))) {
  $.behaviors({
    "input[autofocus], textarea[autofocus], select[autofocus], button[autofocus]": function(element) {
      element.focus();
    }
  });
}
</code></pre>

h1. Contributors

Author: "@tiff":https://github.com/tiff (based on the work of "@aemkei":https://github.com/aemkei and the idea of "http://www.ccs.neu.edu/home/dherman/javascript/behavior/":http://www.ccs.neu.edu/home/dherman/javascript/behavior/)